intermediate/1.paths/README.md, before:

# 1. Paths Exercise

[Problem statement](https://holochain-gym.github.io/developers/intermediate/paths/)

## Exercise

- Open your IDE in [the zome](/intermediate/1.paths/zomes/exercise).
- Code all `unimplemented!()` functions.
- Compile and run the tests, and check that all tests are passing.

---

---

### Setup - nix-shell
IMPORTANT: You need to run these exercises in the correct nix-shell.
A nix-shell sets up all the right dependencies for the holochain-gym.

In the base folder of this repository, developer-exercises, you will find
a `default.nix` file. Run the following command in your terminal:

```bash
nix-shell
```
The very first time you run this, it will take long time, somewhere between 20 and 80 minutes.
This is because it will download, install and compile everything you need. After that it will only take a second or two to run.
Then you can build with:

### Building

This will take some time, but will provide you with the latest RSM binaries. Then you can build with:

```bash
CARGO_TARGET_DIR=target cargo build --release --target wasm32-unknown-unknown
hc dna pack workdir
```

### Testing

```bash
cd test
npm install
npm test
```

Commit message:

add reworked header exercise  (#25)
* add headers test
reverted version upgrade of core dependencies

* remove hc-utils dependencies

* trying out dumb script to make CI on github work

* removing tests for basic/3.elements

* fix script to run cargo test on 3.element instead integration test
delete compiled dna's
ignore failing test for 3.remote-call -> should become test that validate if async call throwns error.

* adding check to see if we are running in a nix-shell
add run_build.sh which checks if we are in a nix-sell
and runs cargo build command

* alternative configuration for running builds and tests
which checks if we are in a nix-shell

* updating READMEs
added build scripts
simplifying test script
adding checks in run all script to exit on failure so CI build will fail

* faking failing test to test if we can make the ci build fail

* undo test: failing test

* fix typo in READMEs

* new attempt at making dumb script that fails if one of the tests fail

* add test for headers to all tests script

* add missing dna.yaml files

* fixing tests and test script

* final version of header exercise

* remove unneeded entry attribute

* remove failing test

* fix merge

Co-authored-by: tixel <tim@pragmaticmind.com>

intermediate/1.paths/README.md, after:

# 1. Paths Exercise

[Problem statement](https://holochain-gym.github.io/developers/intermediate/paths/)

## Exercise

- Open your IDE in [the zome](/intermediate/1.paths/zomes/exercise).
- Code all `unimplemented!()` functions.
- Compile and run the tests, and check that all tests are passing.

---

---

### Setup - nix-shell
IMPORTANT: You need to run these exercises in the correct nix-shell.
A nix-shell sets up all the right dependencies for the holochain-gym.

In the base folder of this repository, developer-exercises, you will find
a `default.nix` file. Run the following command in your terminal:

```bash
nix-shell
```
The very first time you run this, it will take long time, somewhere between 20 and 80 minutes.
This is because it will download, install and compile everything you need. After that it will only take a second or two to run.
Then you can build with:

### Building

Use this simple script
```
./run_build.sh
```
or if you want to do it manually:

```bash
CARGO_TARGET_DIR=target cargo build --release --target wasm32-unknown-unknown
hc dna pack workdir
```

### Testing

Use this simple script
```
./run_tests.sh
```
or if you want to do it manually:

```bash
cd test
npm install
npm tests
```
